The sound of a song from a stand that sounds like a song from a dream.
Tears.
I felt tears coming from my heart.
However, I couldn't stop crying.
I held the ball and tried to throw it.
I couldn't stop crying.
I was trying to give up.
I saw Koshimatsu walking towards me from the bench.
I was surprised.
Koshimatsu hit my shoulder and said,
Try it as much as you can.
It's okay.
I ran towards the bench.
I was throwing away my oba sweater.
I couldn't stop crying.
I was completely upset.
However, when I threw the first oba sweater at Mizuhara-kun,
I couldn't stop crying.
I didn't use my finger to hit the ball.
I used my first oba sweater.
Then, both Mizuhara-kun and Fukushima-kun were happy.
However, I was able to finish it.
After that, I was hit by Minara-kun and Tominaga-kun.
I threw it to the seventh floor.
I was able to win the game with a score of 3 to 0 instead of Hamazaki-kun.
When the game set was over,
I was in the bench and I was crying quietly.
The song of the cheerleader who was angry at the stand.
The three-leafed cheerleader who bloomed in the autumn sun.
It was reflected in my tears.
I was in a calm and calm mood.
When I think about it later,
I think that my ball that was playing the ball in the ball.
It was a ball that was just like a knuckleball.
I think it was a ball that was successful.
It's something you can do if you do it.
That's right.
I think that my ball life was very successful.
I think that I fought with a lot of strength.
I'm not very happy about it.
Thank you for watching.